Policy change process proposal (#1)
openssl/technical-policies: policies/policy-change-process.md

Policy on Proposing Technical Policy Changes
============================================

> This policy represents the way how any additions or changes to the existing

Reviewer: s/the way how/the way that/

policies are proposed, edited, finalized, and approved.

Policy Change Proposal
----------------------

The policy changes or additions are submitted as pull requests in the
technical-policies repository on GitHub OpenSSL project.

> Each policy is placed in an individual file in the MarkDown format in the

Reviewer: s/in the MarkDown/in Markdown/

policies subdirectory.

Any policy change proposal can modify any number of policies as required.

Any policy change proposal SHOULD have a single topic.

> The description of the pull request SHOULD provide overview of the changes

Reviewer: s/provide overview/provide an overview/

and the reasons why the change is proposed.

> After the pull request is created the author MUST announce the policy

Reviewer: s/is created/has been created/

> After the pull request is created the author SHOULD announce the policy
> change proposal on the openssl-project mailing list.

Reviewer 2: I think a MUST is better here, since the two weeks deadline below also is a MUST.

```suggestion
After the pull request is created the author MUST announce the policy
change proposal on the openssl-project mailing list.
```

_(Alternatively, the opening of pull requests could be posted by some GitHub action or bot?)_

The Editorial Process
---------------------

> Adjustments of the change proposal happen via the normal GitHub pull request

Reviewer: s/Adjustments of/Adjustments to/

> Adjustments of the change proposal happens via the normal GitHub pull request
> review interaction. The pull request MUST be opened for at least two weeks
> after the initial announce of the change proposal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adjustments of the change proposal happen via the normal GitHub pull request
review interaction. The pull request MUST be opened for at least two weeks
after the initial announcement of the change proposal.
```

The OTC SHOULD discuss the proposal during a meeting.

> The OTC SHOULD seek for consensus when finalizing the policy change however

Reviewer: s/seek for consensus/seek consensus/

it is not an absolute requirement.

The editorial process is fully public in the sense that anyone can add
comments to the pull request and see comments made by others.

Withdrawal
----------

To withdraw the change the submitter of the pull request just closes the
pull request.

Approval
--------

The policy change is approved by means of a regular OTC vote. If the vote
passes, the policy change is approved, otherwise it is rejected.

> Approval is marked by labelling the pull request with `Approved` label.

Reviewer: s/request with/request with the/ 

same for below sentence

Policy on Proposing Technical Policy Changes
============================================

This policy represents the way that any additions or changes to the existing
policies are proposed, edited, finalized, and approved.

Policy Change Proposal
----------------------

The policy changes or additions are submitted as pull requests in the
technical-policies repository on GitHub OpenSSL project. Anyone with

> GitHub account can submit a policy change proposal pull request.

Reviewer: s/with GitHub/with a GitHub/
